Add PayID pool references to receivable contact and bank account operations (#111)
splitpayments/api-documentation: source/index.html.md

      "account_number": "1748212",
      "status": "active",
      "title": "Float Account",
      "available_balance": 10000,
      "payid_configs": {

>         "email_domain": "pay.splitpayments.com",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "email_domain": "pay.zepto.com.au",
```

    <li><strong>alias_name</strong>: the business name that will be displayed to your customers upon PayID resolution. We suggest using a shortened name appropriate for mobile displays</li>
</aside>
<aside class="notice">
  There are two strategies supported for PayID assignment when creating this type of Contact:

>   <li><strong>On-demand PayID activation</strong>: provide <code>payid_email</code> to activate a PayID with the given email address. The initial response <code>payid_details.state</code> value will always be <code>pending</code>. After a few seconds, it will transition to <code>active</code>. We suggest you use webhooks to be informed of this state change.</li>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <li><strong>On-demand PayID</strong>: provide a <code>payid_email</code> and we'll create a contact and register a PayID with the given email address. The PayID registration process happens when the request is received. The initial response for <code>payid_details.state</code> will always be <code>pending</code>. It will transition to <code>active</code> when the PayID registration process is complete. This can take up to a few seconds. You can use webhooks to be informed of this state change.</li>
```

>   <li><strong>Pre-activated PayID from pool</strong>: provide <code>payid_email_domain</code> to be assigned a pre-activated PayID from your configured PayID pool. The PayID email address will be automatically generated using your configured PayID pool email domain. Providing both <code>payid_email</code> and <code>payid_email_domain</code> will not assign a pre-activated PayID from your configured PayID pool, you will receive a pending PayID for the given <code>payid_email</code>.</li>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <li><strong>Pooled PayID</strong>: provide your <code>payid_email_domain</code> and we'll create a contact and assign them a PayID from your pool. Pooled PayIDs are pre-registered. The PayID email value is generated using a random value and the email domain from your PayID pool configuration. Providing both <code>payid_email</code> and <code>payid_email_domain</code> will ignore your pool and use the "On-demand PayID" strategy instead.</li>
```

      "account_number": "1748212",
      "status": "active",
      "title": "Float Account",
      "available_balance": 10000,
      "payid_configs": {

>         "email_domain": "pay.splitpayments.com",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "email_domain": "pay.zepto.com.au",
```
